unlikely lines from a thriller
you're not going to believe what they've
done they've bleached the minions
my joke my joke
did you care for a game 007
dinosaur top trumps
we put charges here and here no one will
be able to get into central london
without paying
i won't let you die on me so i'm just
going to roll you onto the floor you can
die down there
should i cut the red wire no bond it's
just my tampon
you want a quarter of a million pounds
now and another quarter of a million
when the job is done
come on mate it's only a boiler
we are gonna find this so-called
killer and when we do
he's going down for a very long time
it's gonna explode at any minute well
it's your daughter's nappy you change it
the british secret service may have m
but we have someone twice as good
eminem
the first rule of fight club is scan the
qr code on entry
look we can't talk for long because
we're both female characters
[Applause]
vodka martini shaken not
actually this is my sixth one so i don't
give a if you make it in a blender
it goes off in ten seconds it will never
stop me
oh you've put it on snooze
look it's really tough out there because
of the pandemic so we're gonna have to
put you on furlough leave on eighty
percent of what you're worth
so double o seven you're now double o
five point six
i don't know which wire to cut so look
this is my first vasectomy
what's the cause of death well i think a
lot of this blood is actually supposed
to be inside his body
mr bond i am a high-level government
advisor don't assume i'm going to sleep
with you just because my name is breasty
[Laughter]
lovecock